Frontend Auth (#66)
spiffe/tornjak: README.md

```

In this view, there is an additional navigation bar tab titled "Manage Servers" where you may register Tornjak agents.  

### Running Tornjak With Auth
Once you have Auth instance running: 
Example - Keycloak instance running locally or on the cloud 

To run Keycloak locally, run:

> ```docker run -p 8080:8080 -e KEYCLOAK_ADMIN=”username” -e KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD=”password” quay.io/keycloak/keycloak:19.0.1 start-dev

Reviewer: for some reason this is not showing up, and is hard to make suggestion for the triple quotes; i think the command needs to be on separate line
```suggestion
\```
docker run -p 8080:8080 -e KEYCLOAK_ADMIN=”username” -e KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD=”password” quay.io/keycloak/keycloak:19.0.1 start-dev
```
```

Author: done

```

this will start a listening port on 8080 for the keycloak instance. 

To start the UI with Auth service, run:

```
REACT_APP_API_SERVER_URI=http://localhost:10000/
REACT_APP_AUTH_SERVER_URI=http://localhost:8080/ npm start
```

> To run frontend on a container as a seperate image with Auth:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the frontend on a container as a separate image with Auth:
```

Author: done

```
AUTH_SERVER_URI=http://localhost:8080 APP_SERVER_URI=http://localhost:10000 CONTAINER_TAG=tsidentity/tornjak-spire-server:latest make container-frontend-push
```

> Depending on the user used to signin, there will be two different views. And Admin User will have an Admin portal with admin privilages and a viewer user will have restricted access for the Tornjak UI only for viewing.  

Reviewer: for local case in this readme, maybe add a sentence on running the container locally with a `docker run` command with the port mapping and where to access it?

Author: done

```

In this view, there is an additional navigation bar tab titled "Manage Servers" where you may register Tornjak agents.  

> ### Running Tornjak With Auth

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should structure this section like following: 
### Running Tornajk locally
#### User Managment Enabled
....
#### User Managment Disabled
...
### Running Tornjak Remotely, On the Cloud
... 
(including all the required env. variables)
### Build Tornjak Front-end Image
(please specify that `CONTAINER_TAG_FRONTEND` must point at *THEIR* directory, since tsidentity` can be used for pulling only, but not pushing)

Author: This is all for Dev, structured it the way you recommended. We should have a doc for cloud deployment though separately and we can link it here.
